# NFT Buttholes

This is a recreation project of another, shittier attempt at a relatively simple idea that shouldn't have been such a vain and confusing cashgrab. To quote le bel morons (which I will not link to purely out of spite):

"The +1 is the Masterpiece “La Fusion des Anus” that will be sold in auction after the public mint of the other 2000 NFT's. The owner of the masterpiece will get 1 % of the next collections resales for life. Holders will have 15% of its auction sale and 5% for life on every resale."

Which translates to:

1% -> "next collections" resale -> owner
15% -> auction -> holders
5% -> resale -> holders

Which ultimately serve zero fucking purpose or longterm utility other than acting as cash grabs for early holders / bots. Who the fuck cares about repeated auctions of "totally randomized" (re: trust us bro) butthole pics? Who is participating in "trading" these, or more specifically, how do fans truly benefit from owning a token without being negatively affected by the bogus trading "incentives" & price manipulation behaviors that lack any long term utility? Funds for a Metaverse gallery? Whaaaaat? To display buttholes? Like, yeah, sure, on Solana? LULSUREBROS. Just no. No. You had a chance to do it right, you didn't care. If anything you've only caused damage to your own cummunity and possibly mine. So now I've had to fucking spend weeks of my life (and onward) on Butthole NFTs because your sketchy ass project *annoyed* me and, since I literally have met some of the women that have been roped into this project and may again, I have a literal fucking obligation to tell you to go fuck yourselves now in advance should you have found your way here yourselves.

**To all Bel Anus's and holders**: *you are :chef's kiss: stupid*   

------

### Goal
My own NFT buttholes project that makes their NFT buttholes project look like the stupid and pointless scam that it is (seriously, Solana?? fucking clowns...)

#### Requirements:
General:
- anyone 18+ can participate
- easy to use, not convoluted; no hidden information
- fair
- NFTs (of buttholes)

Operation:
- EVM compatible smart contract
- can be upgraded
- fair distribution
- no batch minting; no cumulative benefits
- QoL scripts

Trading:
- auctionable
- percentage of royalties forwarded to chosen charities / services 
- tradeable

Utility:
- ongoing VIP membership benefits for sites, events

---

### Release Checklist

| Feature | D.evelopment | Staging | Production |
|:-------:|:-----------:|:-------:|:----------:|
| EVM smart contract | :ballot_box_with_check: | :ballot_box_with_check: | :white_large_square: |
| Funds for "starving artists" (dafuq?) | :ballot_box_with_check: | :ballot_box_with_check: | :white_large_square: |
| IPFS Metadata | :ballot_box_with_check: | :ballot_box_with_check: | :white_large_square: |
| Butthole NFTs | :ballot_box_with_check: | :ballot_box_with_check: | :white_large_square: |
| Fair Distribution | :ballot_box_with_check: | :white_large_square: | :white_large_square: |
| "VIP" Benefits | :ballot_box_with_check: | :white_large_square: | :white_large_square: |
| 18+ Age Check | :ballot_box_with_check: | :ballot_box_with_check: | :white_large_square: |
| A pic of my Butthole | :ballot_box_with_check: | :white_large_square: | :white_large_square: |
| Loopring L2 | :white_large_square: | :white_large_square: | :white_large_square: |
| ...? | :white_large_square: | :white_large_square: | :white_large_square: |

---

### "Starving Artists"
Each NFT corresponds with a reconfigured [PaymentSplitter.sol](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/finance/PaymentSplitter.sol) contract named "CheekSpreader.sol". The purpose of the reconfiguration changes the methodology of how the funds are dispersed from a pull to a push. Wherein, normally the funds must be manually withdrawn and thus known about. We do not wish to have to inform every "starving artist" (again whatever the fuck that means) that they have money that they need to get. So, instead, when the artist who owns / created a butthole NFT and receives the primary royalty for it chooses to withdraw their accounts balance, they simultaneously forward the balances of their chosen "donor" accounts directly to them.

For example, my (somewhat) randomly chosen default donation addresses are thus:

**Ukraine Government** : 0x165CD37b4C644C2921454429E7F9358d18A45e14
https://etherscan.io/address/0x165CD37b4C644C2921454429E7F9358d18A45e14

**Action Against Hunger USA** : 0xC7c3A15b7e5C1f121fE09064f6eCe9aBF87Bbd8c
https://www.actionagainsthunger.org/story/donate-crypto

**International Medical Corps** : 0x5F08845e53Ba171B7a782D0CdEA96Ab720426260
https://internationalmedicalcorps.org/get-involved/other-ways-to-give/donatebitcoin/

When I withdraw the balance generated by my NFT, all above 3 addresses will also receive their balances. This process is *optional*. A butthole NFT artist may choose their own donations addresses, use one of mine, or choose to receive the entirety of their royalties. I do not fucking care. It's your butthole.

---

### QoL Scripts

I have attempted to provide both:
- an accessible and easy to use web interface for you
- me to use javascript to run via CLI

If you have any issues accessing or operating the web interface please access the contract directly via [Etherscan](https://etherscan.io/) . From there, you will be able to call all of the necessary functions directly. There's only 3 of them (currently) that need to be used. "addMinter", "addButthole" and "createCheekSpreader".

**addMinter** : anyone and everyone must call this to confirm they are 18+
**addButthole**(address newButthole, string memory _tokenURI) : only the contract owner may call this function to add a new artist
**createCheekSpreader**(address donor1, address donor2, address donor3) : the artist calls this function themselves (anytime) to update their list of donors. The contract owner may run this function if it the artist has not yet done so (for them if they ask or need me to). When a donor list is updated it does not unset any previously minted token's settings-- they continue to payout as the balance owner withdraws.

The javascript allows me to easily call the addButthole and createCheekSpreader functions which when combined complete the creation and upload of a single NFT w/ metadata to IPFS. I require from a participating "Butthole artist" only their: ETH address, a butthole pic, and their chosen donors (if any). And also their birthday, just cause. :)

The token's image and metadata are both stored on IPFS. Access to viewing the 18+ butthole image is done so simply by accessing the "butthole" metadata property which contains the CID or path to the file on IPFS. For example, if the CID of a butthole NFT is "QmSjRzpmYG8dbgThEP2kYn5cXtwgmqZqid5JBLhBWx5Rvz" then the IPFS url would be "ipfs://QmSjRzpmYG8dbgThEP2kYn5cXtwgmqZqid5JBLhBWx5Rvz". Viewing or accessing the web interface is best done so with an IPFS compatible browser such as Brave or by installing an IPFS browser extension (completely safe*).

---

# Javascript

**buttholes.js**

### Purpose
Single script to be ran that accepts: ETH address for new butthole account + path to local butthole jpeg + any additional metadata 
-> uploads image and metadata to IPFS
-> anyone can then mint the newly available butthole

#### Steps for creating an NFT w/ matching metadata.json uploaded to IPFS
- have available: 1 Ethereum address & 1 butthole jpeg/png
- run '--add -a $ETH_ADDRESS -i path/to/image ...'
- check if artist's butthole exists already; if so, increase edition # by 1
- upload butthole image to IPFS
- create a new default metadata.json
- update default template with new artist data & butthole image CID
- upload the newly configured metadata.json file to IPFS
- call the contract to add a new butthole with artist address + the uploaded metadata.json CID
--
- run '--donors -a $ETH_ADDRESS -a $DONATION1 -a $DONATION2 -a $DONATION3'
- call the contract to update the forwarded donations for the provided artist address

#### Steps for Progressing Mint "phases"
- increase Edition by 1 --> automatically when uploading a 2nd (or more) NFT of a same artist name

#### Runtime Args

**--add**

Will add a new butthole based on the following provided args:

a = artist ETH address
b = artist birthday
d = artist description
n = artist name
i = path/butthole.jpeg

`node butthole.js --add -a "0xaddress" -i "/path/to/butthole.jpeg" -b "6/6/1990" -d "A wily one." -n "Alex D." `
`node butthole.js --add -a "0xaddress" -i "/path/to/butthole.jpeg" -b "6/6/1990" -d "A wily one." -n "Alex D." -a "0xaddress1" -a "0xaddress2" -a "0xaddress3"`

**--donors**

Will update the donors for an account based on the following provided args:

a = artist ETH address
a = donor 1
a = donor 2
a = donor 3

`node butthole.js --donors -a "0xaddress" -a "0xaddress1" -a "0xaddress2" -a "0xaddress3"`

**--renounce**

Will renounce the account owner's butthole.

`node butthole.js --renounce`

---

### VIP Benefits
#### Instructions:
[add instructions for implementing js code]

#### Participating Sites:
**Mine**:
[none yet]
**Others**:
[none yet]

---

### Metaverse "Gallery" of Buttholes
Yeah, sure, pay me *cough* fund me an assload of moolah and I will make this thing a real thing whether I need to do it all myself or distribute labor in such a way that it is done right and is actually fucking "useful" over a prolonged period of time and not some fucking joke project riddled with bullshit delays or distraction issues along the way to grift as much as possible.

Address for Metaverse Gallery of Buttholes: [address]

Should I receive X amount of "donations" to the above address, then I will begin operations on such a stupid, stupid but hilarious idea. I would like to make the whole manner of metaverse operation to be a DAO related structure to ideally best benefit everybody and allow for mutual trust between fans and "artists", so, I will provide an address for donations only when I have both received enough interest for the idea and completed a smart contract to act in such a manner.

---
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>
<div align="right">
Alex D.

